#labels Featured
= Get Involved =

Easy!Appointments is an open source project and thus the connection with the users community is stronger than commercial projects. People can contribute in the development and spread of this project and make it event better so that they themselves can take advantage of it in order to fullfill their business needs. Bellow are described the ways that you can help E!A get better.


== Testing ==

The most important goal of Easy!Appointments is performance and stability and that means that EVERYTHING MUST WORK AS EXPECTED. Even though the project has been tested thoroughly during its Beta phase it is important that bugs are tracked down and are fixed as soon as possible. 

== Suggestions ==

Everything you might suggest about the project will be taken into concern and is highly appreciated. Your ideas of new features and enhancements are very important and will help Easy!Appointments become even better. So do not hesitate to send to contact alextselegidis@gmail.com with your suggestions on the project.

== Translation ==

Since version 1.0 Easy!Appointments supports a localized environment so that people that are not familiar with English can use the application more easily. If you want to help with the translation process download the "translations.xls" file and once done send it back to [mailto:alextselegidis@gmail.com alextselegidis@gmail.com]. The translation will be applied in E!A within the next release and you will be off course credited for your work.

[https://easy-appointments.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/doc/translations.xls translations.xls]

I would like to thank Stefan Tselegidis (German), Zsolt Zala(Hungarian) and Andre Tavares (Portuguese) for their work on the translations.

== Stats ==

It would be much appreciated if you would take 5 minutes of your time to fill this small form on your experience with Easy!Appointments. User feedback is very important and will help with the future planning of the project.

[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15dw1jl7lUgw4q-XXMn13Gx_e8zJxAiyWYMOdqtZqIHU/viewform Feedback Form]